License Agreement (Crypto authentication UTILITIES)

IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOU READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY AND
COMPLETELY. This License Agreement (“Agreement”) is a legally binding
agreement between your employer (“Licensee”) and Atmel Corporation
(“Atmel”). By clicking the “I Accept” button on this page or by
downloading, installing or using any of the software available for
download on this page (“Licensed Software”), you are indicating that
you are binding Licensee to the terms of this Agreement, and that you
are duly authorized by Licensee to do so. If you are not authorized to
bind Licensee to the terms of this Agreement, or if Licensee does not
agree to be bound by all of the terms of this Agreement, do not click
the “I Accept” button and do not download, install or use any such
software.

1. License Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Atmel grants Licensee a non-exclusive, non-transferable,
non-sublicensable, limited license to: (a) internally use the Licensed
Software solely in connection with an Atmel integrated circuit; and
(b) to make one copy of the Licensed Software solely for backup
purposes.

2. Restrictions. Licensee will not, and will have no right to, (a)
use, copy, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, sell,
distribute, disclose or otherwise exploit any Licensed Software,
except as expressly set forth in Section 1, or (b) decompile or
otherwise reverse engineer any Licensed Software that is not provided
in source code form, or otherwise derive or attempt to derive the
source code of any such Licensed Software. Licensee will not remove,
obscure or alter any trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights
and ownership notices of Atmel or any of its licensors that appear in
any Licensed Software, and Licensee will reproduce all such trademarks
and proprietary rights and ownership notices on all copies of Licensed
Software made by Licensee.

3. Ownership; Reserved Rights; License to Atmel. Atmel and its
licensors will retain title to and ownership of the Licensed Software,
including, without limitation, all copyrights, patents, trade secrets
and other intellectual property rights in and to the Licensed
Software. Nothing contained in this Agreement will be construed as
conferring upon Licensee or any third party (whether by implication,
operation of law, estoppel or otherwise) any right or license not
expressly granted by Atmel to Licensee under this Agreement.

4. Term and Termination. This Agreement will remain in effect until
terminated. Atmel or Licensee may terminate this Agreement at any time
with written notice to the other. This Agreement will automatically
terminate if Licensee fails to comply with the terms and conditions of
this Agreement

5. Effect of Termination. Upon any termination of this Agreement, (a)
all licenses granted to Licensee under this Agreement will terminate,
(b) Licensee will discontinue all use of the Licensed Software, (c)
Licensee will destroy all copies of the Licensed Software, and (d) the
rights and obligations of the parties under Sections 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8,
9 and 10 will survive such termination.

6. Warranty Disclaimer. THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED TO LICENSEE
“AS IS” AND “WITH ALL FAULTS.” ATMEL DOES NOT MAKE, AND ATMEL HEREBY
DISCLAIMS, ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND (WHETHER
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE) IN CONNECTION WITH THE
LICENSED SOFTWARE OR ANY OTHER ASPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY
RIGHTS, AND ANY WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING,
COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE.  Atmel will have no
obligation under this Agreement to correct any bugs, defects or errors
in the Licensed Software.

7. Limitation of Liability. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
IN NO EVENT WILL ATMEL BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY THIRD PARTY
(WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, OTHER TORT THEORY, CONTRIBUTION, BREACH OF WARRANTY, OR
OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY) FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY
DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OR INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, OR LOSS
OF DATA, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE LICENSED SOFTWARE OR ANY
OTHER ASPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF ATMEL has been advised of or
should have known of the possibility of such damages.

	To the extent permitted by applicable law, IN NO EVENT WILL
	ATMEL’S TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE
	LICENSED SOFTWARE OR ANY OTHER ASPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT
	(WHETHER UNDER CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY,
	CONTRIBUTION, BREACH OF WARRANTY, OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE
	THEORY) EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) THE AGGREGATE OF ALL LICENSE
	FEES PAID BY LICENSEE TO ATMEL FOR THE LICENSED SOFTWARE AND
	(B) ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100).

8. Compliance with Laws; Export. Licensee will comply with the laws
and regulations of the United States and all other relevant
jurisdictions in connection with its activities related to the
Licensed Software. Without limitation of the foregoing, Licensee
acknowledges that certain laws and regulations of the United States
and other jurisdictions may pertain to the export and re-export of the
Licensed Software, and Licensee will not export or re-export any
Licensed Software in any form without the appropriate governmental
approvals, or otherwise in violation of any such laws or regulations.

9. Governing Law; Dispute Resolution. This Agreement is to be
construed in accordance with and governed by the internal laws of the
State of California (as permitted by Section 1646.5 of the California
Civil Code or any similar successor provision), without giving effect
to any choice of law rule that would cause the application of the laws
of any jurisdiction other than the internal laws of the State of
California to the rights and duties of the parties. This Agreement
will not be governed by the U.N. Convention on the Sale of Goods, the
application of which is expressly excluded. Except for actions for
injunctive or other equitable relief, which may be brought in any
court of competent jurisdiction, all disputes arising out of or
related to this Agreement will be subject to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the California state courts in Santa Clara County,
California, or if there is exclusive federal jurisdiction, the United
States District Court for the Northern District of California, and the
Parties hereby consent to, and agree to submit to, the personal and
exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts.

10. General. Licensee will not, and will have no right to, assign,
delegate or otherwise transfer (whether voluntarily, by operation of
law or otherwise) this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations
hereunder to any third party without the prior written consent of
Atmel, and any purported assignment, delegation or other transfer
without such consent will have no force or effect. Subject to the
foregoing, this Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the
benefit of the parties and their respective successors and permitted
assigns. No failure of either party to enforce any right under this
Agreement will be deemed a waiver of such right or any other right
under this Agreement. Any waiver by a party of a breach of any
provision of this Agreement by the other party hereunder will not be
deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent breach of such provision or a
waiver of any breach of any other provision of this Agreement. This
Agreement may not be superseded, modified, or amended except in a
writing signed by an officer of each party. If any provision of this
Agreement is determined to be invalid, illegal or otherwise
unenforceable, such provision will be enforced to the extent possible
consistent with the intent of the parties, and the remaining
provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and
effect. This Agreement will be fairly interpreted in accordance with
its terms and without any strict construction in favor of or against
either party. This Agreement will constitute the entire agreement
between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and
expressly supersedes and replaces all prior and contemporaneous
agreements, proposals, quotations, negotiations and communications,
written or oral, between the parties relating to such subject matter.

Atmel Corporation 2325 Orchard Parkway San Jose, CA 95131
http://www.atmel.com
